Welcome to my President card game!
President is a 4 player card game, where you, the player, is put against 3 other AI players. The goal of the game  is essentially to get rid of all your cards the quickest. Each player gets 13 cards dealt from a 52 card deck. You can only see your hands.
(But you can activate cheats in the settings so you can see other player’s cards)
On the first round, the player with the three of clubs goes first. They are supposed to put it down in the middle  and start the game.
The next player puts down a card of a higher rank. Ranks are determined as follows:@- 3s have the lowest rank.@- Aces have the highest rank.@- 2s do not have a rank. They are special cards.
When it is your turn, you put down a card by typing in the name of the card. Here are some examples:@- To play a three of clubs, you type in “3c”.@- To play a 5 of hearts, you type in “5h”.@- To play a king of diamonds, you type in “kd”.@- To play a queen of spades, you type in “qs”.@- To play a jack of diamonds, you type in “jd”.@- To play an ace of spades, you type in “as”. The input is case-insensitive, so you can use capital letters if you want.
Playing a 2 clears the deck. The player who put down a 2 can then start the deck with any card of their choice.    However, if you play a 2 as your last card, you automatically become the scumbag (which is not good). This only    happens if there is no scumbag.
Players can choose to pass, if they do not have a card that has a higher rank than the card played, or because theysimply don’t want to play a card, for whatever reason.
You can pass by inputting “pass”, “Pass”, “PASS”, or simply, “p”.
If a player plays a card, and everyone else passes, that player clears the deck and gets to play another card.
Players may also choose to play multiple cards, provided that they are all the same rank. For example, if a player has 3 jacks, they can choose to play all 3 in the middle. The next player must play at least that many cards of a  higher rank. For example, in this case, the next player would need to play at least 3 queens, kings, or aces. If   you play 4 cards of the same suit, you clear the deck, having the same effect as playing a 2.
Alternatively, you can just play a single 2 to clear the deck again, regardless of how many cards the previous     player played (I made this rule up for my game, you can’t actually do that in real President).
To play multiple cards, you can separate the cards you want to play by space. For example: if you want to play a   jack of hearts, jack of diamonds, and jack of clubs, you type in “jh jd jc”. There is no particular order you have to do them in, however, all the cards must be the same rank.
This is done until everyone runs out of cards.@- The first person to run out of cards becomes next round’s president. They get 2 points.@- The second person to run out of cards becomes next round’s vice president. They get 1 point.@- The third person to run out of cards becomes next round’s citizen. They get zero points.@- The last person to be left with any cards becomes next round’s scumbag. They get zero points and must trade cards with the president next round.
In the next round, the president and scumbag swap a card. The scumbag must give the president their highest card.  The president can give the scumbag the card of their choice. Then, the president sets down any card they want in   the middle to start the game. The game continues as normal, and after every round, a new president, vice president, and scumbag are chosen.
The first person to get to 11 points wins the game (you can change this number in the settings).
Have fun!
